KNN Model with Streamlit
Overview
This project demonstrates the implementation of the K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) algorithm using Streamlit for interactive web-based visualization. The application allows users to select from various datasets, configure parameters for KNN (such as number of neighbors and weights), and evaluate the model's performance for classification tasks.

Features
Dataset Selection: Choose from a variety of built-in datasets (e.g., Iris, Breast Cancer) or upload custom datasets.
Algorithm Type: Select between Classifier mode for classification tasks.
Parameter Configuration: Adjust KNN parameters like number of neighbors and weights via user-friendly widgets.
Model Training and Evaluation: Train the KNN model on the selected dataset and evaluate its performance with accuracy metrics.
Installation
Clone the repository:
bash
Copy code
git clone <repository_url>
cd KNN-Streamlit
Install dependencies:
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Run the application:
arduino
Copy code
streamlit run knn_app.py
Open the provided local URL in your browser to access the application.
Usage
Upon launching the application, use the sidebar to select a dataset and choose the algorithm type (Classifier).
Configure the number of neighbors (K) and weights (uniform or distance).
Click on the "Run" button to train the KNN model and view the accuracy score for classification tasks.
Explore the dataset shape and class details (for classification datasets) displayed in the application.
Technologies Used
Python: Core programming language.
Streamlit: Open-source framework for building web applications with Python.
Scikit-learn: Library for machine learning tasks in Python.
Pandas: Data manipulation and analysis library.
NumPy: Library for numerical computing in Python.
Files and Directory Structure
knn_app.py: Main Streamlit application script.
requirements.txt: Dependencies for the project.
datasets/: Directory containing sample datasets used in the application.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and create a pull request with your suggested improvements.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Acknowledgments
Built as part of learning exercises on machine learning and Streamlit.
Inspired by practical examples and tutorials from the Streamlit and scikit-learn communities.


Results:

